Hahaha
Ha ha.
ancestral transmission
Kill all corrupt officials in the world
So be it
Husband don't go
After I go out
You go back to your mother's house as soon as possible to avoid the limelight
Broke in and had some drunk drinks
If I die
You can find your husband again and have some confidence
There is no one in your Jiangcheng
Why are you going?
Just for me to keep the city
police
The Liang family 500,000 a battle of skyrocketing 2.20 million a battle
Looking for people can't afford food at all
It's all because of that chaos
If I were to kill him
Here you will be able to drop into two families
I have a heart
Happy Jianghu
Linjiang City is my home
I could die.
But
I can't just watch my house be littered with corpses
You are so dangerous
The slave family feels that everything in Linjiang City is too unsearchable
Just wait two more days.
I think
That lord is not as simple as he appears
single
Preserved egg riot
Even if he is the son of a wealthy family in Chang'an
Can't bear the consequences
Lift up a good family
Take advantage of the disaster to eat steamed buns
Chengxiu County cliff
The first Wang Gu in Chang'an really lives up to his reputation
If Gao Yu is really capable
Unknown River City Grain Driving Down
I, Chen Shao, wish for a lifetime
When a cow behaves a horse
But is it possible?
I have decided
Even if you risk my life
I also let him
Blood appears
Legend of the law, great manpower to post a guarantee
Open the warehouse for grain from now on
Just 105 words a bucket
You can buy cheap food
Unlimited quantity
People can queue up to buy by themselves
fuck
bag
adult
The people of Mira have chopped up some unfamiliar faces
Bai Liang and Da Sheng understand that they are still cultivating
Good suffering is gone
Is it just that old chaotic people's letter?
Please also decide
This must also be the four good merchants getting in the way
They bear the brunt of the Liang family's big disc in the city
This is the crazy sweep
Want to maintain a monopoly
Now the Liang family in the city can marry
I've been sending someone to watch
Lower what a little
Not yet lowered
Hey, how can this be good?
Sweep the grain in the grain depot according to their strength
I'm afraid to suffer soon
Let the people know
A new panic is inevitable
Ah!
ability to go down
Get rid of these people with ulterior motives
Slowly sell two speeds
Yes go
They are eager to cause riots
Do this
To fulfill them
This official suddenly changed his mind
They have deep pockets.
Want to sweep
Then give it to them
I want to see
What were they eating?
Do things at this speed
I'm afraid it won't take a day.
The grain in the grain depot will be swept away
Other grain merchants in the city are still asking
Food prices are still sky-high
So many people outside
Adults can't do this
In ancient times, it was nature to wait and see
Opening the warehouse to release grain is just the first step in the plan
Immediately send troops to block the dock gate
It is inevitable that soldiers outside the city will be escorted into the city at ordinary times
As long as there is a nearby grain market, there are few
The difference is
Make sure the whole city sees it
A steady stream of grain entered Linjiang City
Everything is done according to the steps.
A good home in Linjiang City
Within a day
As long as the grain in the granary is
Controlled within a day
Let the food prices on the market become lower
That counts as a profit
Goods on the market
They can't finish it.
Just do as the official says
The grain is
electronic token
Your Majesty
Close the city gates from now on
A grain of grain is not allowed to leave the city
Otherwise kill without mercy